PostTextInEnglish

A better classification. And some way to find it easy
Add a fingers crossed emoticon.
Add more categories with more emojis
Add more Emojis Dude
Add more Emojis with hints of what they mean.
Add more options. Allow customization. Give history properly and give suggestions based on previous use.
Add search
Add several kinds of fireworks (these     are lame), the sign language hand sign for "I love you" (like this   with the thumb extended), something for New Year's Eve (horn blower and confetti or streamers?)
Add some more emojis, but overall it is good.
Add specifications
After an emoji is selected, the emoji board switches back to the letters board (kind of like selecting an apostrophe) rather than staying on the emoji screen until specifically selecting the letters board. Because everyone knows that when you select an emoji, it's always in groups. Am I right??
After each emoji i had to click on emoji icon again because i wanted to add more than one, but if it was the case that i wanted just one (normally people add just one) the process was correct.
After pressing one emoji, don't have the emoji board go away... Leave it up until we press the letter button again
Allow press repeatedly 1 icon
Arranging them well
Bad position of the icons
Bad selection
Be able to type multiple emoji's without the emoji keyboard cancelling back to text keyboard
Beautiful
Because every time you push the Mogie Button. It goes back to the keyboard instead of being able to stay on the Emoji side, and you can push one emoji more than once.
Because the emoji doesn't looks like the one like in whatsapp or ios keyboard.. So yeah, and also lack of few emojis
Because u have to click a different button to get onto the Emojis.
Better emoji's
Better emoji's and Snapchat
Better images
Better organizing of categories
Bigger buttons
Bigger concern autocorrect inconsistent and making unselected errors.
Bring some innovation in it..
By adding more variety and bring back some of the old ones back
By puchas le and be oone keyboard and because it is difficult to put emojis equal more chidos   graphics
Can only enter one at a time
Can phones lag when texting? They sure can if you're using a WP with at&t.... One or both companies need to speed it up
Cant type emojis in Facebook app
Cant use multiple emojis, keyboard jumps back to regular after one
Categorize them better
Change the Emojis to look like WhatsApp's because I get confused.
Change the skins I like them although I think they were better before
Chose one Emoji but sent different one. Emojis changes quite often. I'm using Nokia Lumina 1520, Windows 10 mobile Messaging app.
Classify them in a way more consistent and I can't reach the emoji button without first clicking the button of punctuation
Consecutive emoji's are frustrating
Could be categorized better
Ddsxhsdu
detect my typing and predict what I want to use
Different emojis than regular Instagram
Difficult to find the right emoji sometimes. A search option would be good
Do it like WhatsApp :D
Do not deliver the letter quand.d you press an emoji to put several emoji both, thank you
Do not revert back to the main board after using one emoji. Often will use multiple emoji's in a sequence and having to toggle back to the emoji keyboard each time is cumbersome
Do not select multiple emojis in once. Choose a picture then move on the keyboard letters
Don't close out of the emoji keyboard after using just one
Don't close the emoji keyboard after one use.
Don't close the emoji's after one is selected.
Dont come back to the letter keyboard right after emojis, I love to use several emojis each time.
Don't enter our profiles give ur services
Don't exit the emoji screen after one emoji. A lot of people these days post more than one emoji at a time. I'd rather switch back to the abc screen manually.
Don't know
Don't lose a smiley, it automatically switches to the input method
Don't make it quit out when you put one emoji.-*place 1 emoji*quits*place 2nd emoji*quits*
Don't make then disappear after I enter just one. Help me to know which are standard and which won't show up on earlier operating system phones.
Dunno why
Each time you click one the menu goes off
Easy access
Emoji does not always interact as requested
Emoji have to be little large
Emoji's faces are hard to predict.
Emoji's faces could be better and more funny ...
Emojis in keyboard different with in text
"Emojis should look same as on messenger.
In Messenger I can't add more emojis without switching to keyboard."
Emotions should very easily, automatucally appear as I type any relevant emotion (/adjective).
Enter a few emoticons at once
Especially in WhatsApp
Every single time i send an emoji, i can only use one
Every time i click an emoji the keypad converts to alphabet. It is hard to click several Emojis at once
Every time I touch the emoji keyboard back lyrics
Every time only one emoji's,I wanna 2 emoji's at once
"Finding them under different tabs was a bit difficult
More precise grouping is suggested"
For example i can't use the emojis on twitter....
Free to choose an existing form preferred aimoshn Agee and step on again instead of Lessa of write on keyboard Panel Elly aimoshnat chosen ones
Funny
Get more and make sure that when you put an emoji stand
Give back the more detailed 3D expressions
Give more wonderful emojis
Good
Had to keep selecting the screen
Hard to find right on
Hard to find what I want
Hard to see.
Have a better emoji selection like android or apple and keep the option to use an emoji on the screen even after you move on to the next word. Have a frequently used emoji memory function.
Have a place for my favorite ones I use
"Have its own access easier and transition of manual not auto
Or appear on the shortcuts bar"
Have some of the images embedded in the keyboard...
Having to scroll to find certain emoji's could be difficult.
Hmf..when im use the emoji i want ist already lock and ill will back it
How we use them
I am having a hard time finding them in all of these pages but they are really cool
I cant send pic or videos for instagram . I want sent this but exit the program
I do not necessarily know the meaning of all the emojis offered.
I don't know
I don't like the fact That I need to go back to the emoji button is I have to do more than on( multiple)
I don't understand the way they are grouped together. So it sometimes takes me a while to go through the various pages to find what I'm looking for.
I don't understand why when it recommends an emoji, if I delete the text to use the emoji instead, it deleted both the text & the emoji.
I don't want the word and the emoji when I click the emoji I want the word to erase.
I had to slowly scroll the thing to find the emoji I wanted to use
I hate having to hit the emoji button multiple times to use it
I hate when I click the emoji and it goes to letters and I have to do it again
I have no idea
I like   I change the   and   choose
"I like that predictive text emojis a lot!
However, when I click on a word to turn it into an emoji it usually just put an emoji next to the word rather than replacing. Which makes thier use redundant or time consuming."
I sometimes don't want the emoji's window to close after using just one emojie. We like to send a bunch of them
I think its just we are not used to use them
I want to get emoji shall take Easy
I would have to leave the Emojis keyboard,so that I could put more then one emoji in a message
If I have choose on of emoji its back to keyboard normally, I can choose more without quit from emojis..can you fixed it?
If I want to use multiple the selection closes every time, annoying.
If the emojis had a description, it'd be easier.
If we could use the emoji's repeatedly
If we could use the ios emoji's it would be cool because you cant tell what people have sent because the emoji's are different
If we have separate emojis tab ,that would be good
If you click more than one emojis they are not add immediately, are replacing the previous emoji.
If you want to use multiple emojis it is really annoying that the regular keyboard comes up after you select each emoji...
I'm not sure. Maybe keeping the ones I use most often in a separate folder.
Improve quality of emotion and more option to get it easliy
Improve the emojis. Some of the emojis are not appearing in fb messenger and other OS platforms and apps. Thanks
Improve the sections in which the emojis are distributed, it would be better to put them just as they are in WhatsApp.
Improve them by reordering them
Instead of scrolling sideways, make it scroll downwards. Also, some of the emoji's are very hard to find unless you know exactly where they are (which I don't).
It does not take off
It doesn't stay on the emoji's screen when I would like to type multiple emoji's it switches' back to the qwerty keyboard after an emoji is entered
It doesn't stay open after you use one so you have to go back and find it again, should be easier to send multiple emoji's
It is hard to find a certain emoji
It is not always clear how t symbol will look like, if you choose, and how it actually in the interview. Even though that all greatly improved. It is mainly look for in which tab which stands
It often makes you go back to keyboard even if you want to use more than one emoji
It ok but sometimes its not easy to find some  emoji
It should be in front
It should be more visible on the keyboard
It takes a while to use multiple emoji's at the same time, I will click one and it will take me back to my keyboard.
It takes some time to open the emojis and its hard to send emojis to other phones such as      iphones etc.. Because many of them are a little different
It takes too much time to open , sometimes it hangs and much more
It wasn't hard, it just could be improved by better playing the emoji where someone is likely to put. Ex, have it put spaces for you before and after, between words. Thanks.
It will be close
"It would be great if we can use a swipe from left or right or from the bottom of the edge of the display

Cheers"
It would be great to see the Facebook emoji keyboard in the app, right now I see the standard version and they don't look the same in the chat.
It's different from telegram I can't find some emoji's I want. Why can't I use telegram emoji's?
It's difficult because they differ from the normally used IOS emojis. They look completely different when you use them in WhatsApp, YouTube or Instagram.
It's doesn't look nice n presentable.
It's easy. The way they are organized is a bit weird.
It's hard sometimes to find the emojis I'm looking for.
It's hard to find some.
It's hard to put a lot of emoji's when it goes back to the regular keyboard
Its hard to use them caise i should use one at once
It's hard when I use several emoji in my notes.
Its is very complex for using share it and plez change the whts ap ,messenger, hike are in sd card its store in phone so file will be store day by day and phone will be slow when whts is increase and size will large so plez provide in sd card
Its okay ...
It's tough to tell how emojis match up on windows with ios and android simply by the design differences in each one, but they look great!
Just like the old.. Cant be more update
Keep the emoji page open so I can use more the just one before it closes.
Keyboard changes from emoji mode to typing mode after you insert every none of them
Keyboard is close after selecting emoji this is wrong
Kinda hard to pick emojis because not all emojis are well interpreted by their icons. Perhaps you can add a feature when someone holds on the icon emoji, the meaning pop ups? Like how   is for thumbs up.
Label what each emoji is such that it's easier to choice the right mood.
Leave the emoji screen open until the user chooses to navigate away from it.
Less is more
Less tap on screen-less taps on the screen
Let emoji keyboard stay up after selecting one. Usually switches after pressing one when we should be able to press several with out having to go back.
Let put multiple at the same time!!plz???
Let the emoji menu open until i close it manually. It always brings me back to the keyboard after i use one emoji
Let the pop up box stay on the screen
Let them, and remove them when one writes
Like Yo Emoji's Not Even Cute So Ion Care Stupid Shit
Line propose emoji when recognizing words
Little bit hard
"Loading time is too long (Lumia 930)
Recent emoji's don't change then I must search for hours my emoji"
"Lots of things have to improve..... Many problem are in Windows 10 Mobile..
I'm totally disappointed"
Love to use them. if I want to use them, it's better if they come after the descriptive word.
Made an emoji picture and had to go back and fourth from letters to emojis
Make a separate button for that:)
Make as WhatsApp
Make better looking emojis and make it easier to select them
Make easy to use more icons with different styles
Make emoji groups sorted by type
Make emoji's instantly be recommended when the word they are is typed.
Make flags available
Make it easily
Make it faster
Make it look like the other platforms' emojis and add more.
Make it more cute
Make it right on the left hand icon
Make it so you don't exit to the typing after using one emoji
Make keyboard more easier
Make larger. Put most used on first page or make keyboard taller when selecting. Maybe test if a scroll control offers a good experience.
Make more Emojis to fit any words
Make more emoji's visible to people with iphones because sometimes when I send them, they don't see them on there phone
Make some more  new
Make the default setting keep emoji's open after clicking them. I know I can change the setting but this first world problem needs to be fixed. Because I am to lazy to change the setting my self I want you guys and your space age computers to do it for me. Thanks daddy gates
Make the emojis like iOS in our keyboard.
Make them bigger
"Make them bigger so older people can see them,also make them animated like gifs!!!!thanks TRULY
 DEREK EDWARD GUYETTE 907"
Make them equal to the ones in whatsapp
Make them look better
Make them look like the ones on WhatsApp
Make them more graphic like iPhone emoji's. I don't have certain emoji's
Make them more modern
Make them stay
Maybe change layout a bit
More categories with fewer choices making it more intuitive and quicker
More customizeable auto suggestion so we can have certain emojis come up with certain phrases
More emoij's
More emoji suggestions
More emojis
More emoticon
More expressing and introduce emoji's for Instagram stories as well
More intuitive and sensical organization.
More Like Windows 8
More lips/kissing emojis
More options, easier t access
More, better grouped.  I wanted a devil grin but could only find an angel
Move the botton
My texts sometimes turn into only Chinese characters when I use emojis. Not sure why that is but it makes me avoid using them. It's almost 2017 Microsoft, figure this out please.
Need a definition for the emoji's. Don't know over 3/4 of what they mean.
Need a seasonal holiday emoji category.
Need better ecatergorization.
Need Spacebar and Cursor.
Needs more
Not a good place
Not all emoji's can be received, even by other WP users!? The actual touch target is kind of small also (I'm using a L650).
Not go back to keyboard when u choose on emojis
Not good
"Not good compared to other emoji
It closed after every choice & if i choose to repeat the emoji's it's not at the same place"
Not too well in transition between the regular facebook ones and the windows ones...
Nothing need feel that
One emojis enter then  again open emoji's button and put in some message so  solve it but it's excellence really excellent.
One time can choose one smileys' only....it will change letters suddenly
Only one emoji in once.....it is bad......
Organization needs improvement.
Please don't auto close emoji tab after using one
Please enable us to use 1 emoji many times simultaneously
Please fix touch bag at Lumia 535
Please improve it...
Please just help me update my apps on my phone. Am finding it very hard to update them.
Please make it like the original emoji's we use on WhatsApp or whatever.
Please make it more attractive
Please make on our phones samsung emojis.it is beautiful.
Please remove the unnecessary emoji's.
Please update all things
Put the mas chidos
Remove the menu bar from the screen and make it a button again. I hate the new format.
Repeating one is hard
Seems like its not synced with the emojis of FB.
Seems you can never find the right one and settle
SHOULD BE MORE COLOURFUL AND 3D
Should have a way to quickly find right one my searching for "confused" or "sneaky" ir key word...
Simple emojis
Since the emoji's look different than on other phones I know sometimes not so good which one I should choose to have the right to
Slow switching between set of emojis.
Slow, small do hard ti see.
"SMS emojis are easy to use.
But facebook emoji is somewhat hard to recognize and wrongly placed."
Some aren't compatible
Some emojis doesn't work
Some emoji's don't work.. Some if them don't come up the way they are supposed to look like
Some how the keys pads does not match with the symbols...birthdays' cake   turn out to be the maple's leaves! in Facebook!?
Some of the different skin tone options don't show up on non-Windows phones, and it always uses the one I picked last, so I have no idea what the default that probably works was. It would be nice if it reset to that one every time.
Sometime and something emojis is not correct for what i feel to send
Sometimes hard to find what I'm looking for.
Sometimes I click &123 instead of :) and the other way.
Sometimes I found it hard
Sometimes it was hard to use d emoji
Sometimes its hard
Sometimes not respond
Sometimes not sure about real meaning.
Sometimes they disappear in the suggestion bar
Sort the text emoticons by meaning, not by symbol used; i.e., frowny faces like :( and :[ should be together.
Stay on the pages of emoji
Stop reseting my keyboard
Suggestion emoji's along with words
The emojis are kind of hard to use
The emojis is so near to each others
The language button and emoji buttons often get confused. Maybe change the language button position?
The list of emoji's are good strangely. Right now there is the quick pick list of emoji's, then multiple tabs of different emoji's good by category/theme. I'd rather have a group of "recently/frequently used" emoji's, and then the full list of all emoji's in a second tab.
The master lists make no sense.  How do I know where to find what?
The meanings can ease of use.
The only problem is some of us users don't know what to use when. If possible teach meaning of some Emojis
The submenus are really bad
There are too many to go through to quickly find the ones I like to use, and the organization isn't intuitive. The keyboard should stick as it does when switching to numbers and special chars, because I often use more than one at a time.
There is no way to filter to find the emoji im looking for
There's just too many. Hard to find what I'm looking for.
They are little hard to find thats all
they are not visible properly and easy to mistake them, correct that
They are same as we have in WhatsApp. But it becomes so problematic to choose the right one. Also the while using emoji, there are times we need to put more than one emoji but the keypad appears after using one time only. I have to go to the emoji as many times.i have to use it. It's irritating sometimes. I am fond of emojis and I cannot use it the way I want to.
They are slow to come up and slow to use.
They could be larger in the selection view.
They disappear when you want to post more than one
They don't look the same on other phones
They need better or more classifications. It takes too much time to find some emoji's sometimes.
Thus was I a bit complicated use the emojis
To have similar view as it is in whats app. To have vertical scrolling. To have an option to chose how emojis will be grouped.
Too big, spreads across more messages...
Too small
Too small is not clear
Too small. Need to be better organized.
Trying to enter multiple emojis was annoying as it would take me out of the screen everytime. Maybe add a button that acts like a "caps lock" that stays only the emoji screen.
Update the emoji's to the latest ones
Upgrade myh emoji's
Use most recent emojis in a separate tap
Very small and hard to select correctly
Vry good
We are obliged to have thousand path-through
We need a direct button on the keyboard. Now it is two taps away to start selecting emoji's.  The long tap is not very handy.
We need more
What problem
WhatsApp is showing different emojis as the app uses itself, in fb client it is impossible to get some emojis
When an emoji replaces a word why doesn't it delete the word it's replacing? I don't need the emoji AND the word.
When I select one of them quickly jump to keyboard but I want to select two emoji
When I use an emoji, my keyboard goes on alphabet so I can't sent some emoji in a row
When i want to repeat emojis, every time i have to press emoji button on the keyboard one more time
When I want to use some emojis in a row (like this  ), I must choose one emoji, then keyboard comes back to letters, again I choose other emoji, n comes back again, n again n again
When I want use more than one emoji my actions going slow cause exit of emoji area & back too type
When in putting data, make the emoji's visuals.
When pressed for long should provide meaning of the emoji. Some common ones are easy but some others really don't know what they mean.
When we type a letter ex: Camera that emoji should come
When you select a emoji let the emoji keyboard stay up just incase you wanna use more than one.
When you type a the word, similar emoji appear. If you click one, it appears in addition to the word. I often type the word to get the emoji so I don't have to go find it. The current flow makes me have to go back and delete the word and extra spaces. I prefer that tapping the emoji suggestion immediately replaces the word, not adds it after the word.
While using instagram it is difficult
Wish we had gif like iPhone
Would be better that you could write more emojis simultaneously without the need to tighten the emojis button
Would love an auto suggest ..e.g. Type birthday and an emoji is suggested.
Yeah sometimes its hard to switch between emoji's. Thanks for ask .
Yes
You can bring it into the slide of keypad so there is second keypad just for Emojis
You can use the messenger Emojis instead the Microsoft. Sometimes it's hard to guess what is this emoji meaning.
Your selections are limited
Zoom function
